README.md, before:

## WARNING:
###The first thing you will have to do after creating your gear is to login to the admin console to set the admin password (available under /admin). The first person to access this page gets to modify this value!

# OpenShift LiveOak Cartridge

This cartridge is running a snapshot of LiveOak 1.0.0.Alpha01

This cartridge is originally based on the Wildfly cartridge found in OpenShift Origin [here](https://github.com/openshift/origin-server/tree/master/cartridges/openshift-origin-cartridge-jbossas).  

If you find any issues, please log them in the LiveOak Jira which can be found [here] (https://issues.jboss.org/browse/LIVEOAK)

# Sources

This cartridge contains the binaries for LiveOak and its dependencies as well an OpenJDK 8 binary.

The source code for LiveOak can be found [here] (https://github.com/liveoak-io/liveoak). This cartridge is using the 1.0.0.Alpha01 version.

The source code for OpenJDK can be found at the OpenJDK website [here] (http://openjdk.java.net/). The version included is 1.8.0.5

Commit message:

BETA02: initial update to beta02

README.md, after:

## WARNING:
###The first thing you will have to do after creating your gear is to login to the admin console to set the admin password (available under /admin). The first person to access this page gets to modify this value!

# OpenShift LiveOak Cartridge

This cartridge is running a snapshot of LiveOak 1.0.0.Beta02. The LiveOak website can be located at www.liveoak.io

This cartridge is originally based on the Wildfly cartridge found in OpenShift Origin [here](https://github.com/openshift/origin-server/tree/master/cartridges/openshift-origin-cartridge-jbossas).  

If you find any issues, please log them in the LiveOak Jira which can be found [here] (https://issues.jboss.org/browse/LIVEOAK)

# Sources

This cartridge contains the binaries for LiveOak and its dependencies as well an OpenJDK 8 binary.

The source code for LiveOak can be found [here] (https://github.com/liveoak-io/liveoak). This cartridge is using the 1.0.0.Alpha01 version.

The source code for OpenJDK can be found at the OpenJDK website [here] (http://openjdk.java.net/). The version included is 1.8.0.5
